Adds simple example (#1560)
heremaps/gluecodium: examples/README.md

## Overview

[README.md](../README.md) in the root provides basic information about Gluecodium.
It's simplier to keep C++ code in shared library when binding is necessary for Java and for Swift.

> In examples simpliest configuration is used. For more advanced check `cmake/tests/unit` tests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this example, only the simplest configuration is used. For more advanced configurations check `cmake/tests/unit` tests.
```

## CMake Gluecodium wraper.

This is set of cmake functions which provide the following functionality:
- Download Gluecodium from artifactory.
- Add step to generate code.
- Set options to configure generated code.
- Help to configure a target to include generated C++/Swift/Java/Flutter sources, add include directories, etc.

> While examples work with shipped CMake Gluecodium wraper in real application it's handy to clone only subtree `cmake/modules`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While the examples work with the shipped CMake Gluecodium wrapper for a real application it's handy to clone only the subtree `cmake/modules`.
```

## Example `calculator`.

What this example demonstrates:
- How to configure the project to generate C++, Java and Swift source code.
- How to use the generated code in Android and iOS applications.

> - How to describe basic primitives like `class`, `interface`, `struct` and how to interact with them 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- How to describe basic primitives like `class`, `interface`, `struct` and how to interact with them. 
```

> - How to make platform-only comment and links.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- How to make platform-only comments and links.
```

What this example DOESN'T demonstrate:
- How to make complex build setup with several modules.
- How to describe custom types.

> - How to make Flutter plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- How to make a Flutter plugin.
```

> - How to use advanced Gluecodium features: tags, advanced manupulations with comments, properties, etc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- How to use advanced Gluecodium features such as tags, advanced manipulations with comments or properties.
```

> For detailed desription check [calculator/README.md](calculator/README.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a detailed description check [calculator/README.md](calculator/README.md)
```
